Update "Content Enricher" Doc (#745)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/message-transformation/envelope-wrapper.md

9. Download the artifacts of the sample.

   <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/attachments/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/EnvelopeWrapper.zip">
        <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/download-zip.png" width="200" alt="Download ZIP">
    </a>

10. Import the artifacts to WSO2 MI.

    Click **File** -> **Open Folder** -> Select the extracted ZIP file to import the downloaded ZIP file.

11. Start the project in the WSO2 MI server.

    For instructions, go to [Build and Run]({{base_path}}/develop/deploy-artifacts/#build-and-run) Documentation.

## Execute the sample

Send the following request to the above proxy service.

```
POST /services/EnvelopeUnwrapProxy HTTP/1.1
Host: localhost:8290
Content-Type: text/xml
soapAction: urn:getQuote

<soapenv:Envelope xmlns:soapenv="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/" xmlns:ser="http://services.samples" xmlns:xsd="http://services.samples/xsd">
   <soapenv:Header/>
   <soapenv:Body>
      <ser:getQuote>    
         <ser:request>          
            <xsd:symbol>foo</xsd:symbol>
         </ser:request>       
      </ser:getQuote>
   </soapenv:Body>
</soapenv:Envelope>
```

## Analyze the output

> Notice that the request data is inside a SOAP envelope. When the request was monitored through TCPMon, it was sent to the back-end Axis2 server with the following structure:

Reviewer: This may be unclear for a new user. Shall we rephrase this?

| Envelope Wrapper EIP            | Envelope Wrapper Sample Scenario             |
|---------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| Wrapper                         | Stock Quote Request wrapped in SOAP          |
| Messaging                       | WSO2 MI                                      |
| Unwrapper                       | Address Endpoint format                      |
| Recipient                       | Stock Quote Service Instance                 |

!!! note
    An alternative implementation of this EIP is to have the Address Endpoint wrap from one envelope format to another (for example, wrapping a SOAP 1.1 envelope in a SOAP 1.2 envelope).

## Synapse configuration of the artifacts

Given below is the synapse configuration of this sample.

=== "Proxy Service"
    ```xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <proxy name="EnvelopeUnwrapProxy" startOnLoad="true" transports="http https" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
        <target>
            <inSequence>
            <call>
                <endpoint key="SimpleStockEp"/>
            </call>
            <respond/>
            </inSequence>
            <faultSequence>

>             <log category="INFO" level="full">

Reviewer: Do we need to repeat the default fault sequence here? Ideally MI should use the default fault sequence. Shall we check it and update this

Reviewer 2: We have added the synapse config that is there in the vs code. By default fault sequence is added.

Reviewer: Does it add the fault sequence implementation as well? But there is no fault sequence implementation added in the proxy in the [Content Enricher](https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/pull/745/files#diff-35155d2e290f567322b33eac376cc4edb45d093b2498efe506f567b3f4724c94R61)

Author: Since the added fault sequence is similar to the default fault sequence, the added fault sequence is removed.

9. Download the artifacts of the sample.

   <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/attachments/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/EnvelopeWrapper.zip">
        <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/download-zip.png" width="200" alt="Download ZIP">
    </a>

10. Import the artifacts to WSO2 MI.

    Click **File** -> **Open Folder** -> Select the extracted ZIP file to import the downloaded ZIP file.

11. Start the project in the WSO2 MI server.

    For instructions, go to [Build and Run]({{base_path}}/develop/deploy-artifacts/#build-and-run) Documentation.

## Execute the sample

Send the following request to the above proxy service.

```
POST /services/EnvelopeUnwrapProxy HTTP/1.1
Host: localhost:8290
Content-Type: text/xml
soapAction: urn:getQuote

<soapenv:Envelope xmlns:soapenv="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/" xmlns:ser="http://services.samples" xmlns:xsd="http://services.samples/xsd">
   <soapenv:Header/>
   <soapenv:Body>
      <ser:getQuote>    
         <ser:request>          
            <xsd:symbol>foo</xsd:symbol>
         </ser:request>       
      </ser:getQuote>
   </soapenv:Body>
</soapenv:Envelope>
```

## Analyze the output

> Notice that the request data is inside a SOAP envelope. When the request was monitored through TCPMon the request sent to the back-end Axis2 server has the following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that the request data is inside a SOAP envelope. When the request was monitored through TCPMon, it was sent to the back-end Axis2 server with the following structure:
```

```
POST /services/SimpleStockQuoteService HTTP/1.1
Cookie: CookieConsentPolicy=0:1; LSKey-c$CookieConsentPolicy=0:1
activityid: b3575dab-ad7c-4445-94b0-74671b1c232c
Accept: */*
Cache-Control: no-cache
Postman-Token: 224cb9d0-c01b-4472-896e-f14245ef523e
Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate, br
Content-Type: application/xml
SOAPAction: urn:getQuote
Transfer-Encoding: chunked
Host: localhost:9001
Connection: Keep-Alive
User-Agent: Synapse-PT-HttpComponents-NIO

> dd

Reviewer 2: remove this line?
